When you type faster than usual, it forces you to start looking ahead at the
words that are coming up so you can figure out where to place your fingers in
anticipation. So, if you see that the next four letters will all be typed with
fingers on your left hand, you can move the correct finger on your right hand
into place for the fifth letter ahead. Tests on the best typists have shown
that their speeds are closely related to how far ahead they look at oncoming
letters while they type. letters while they type. When you type faster than
usual, it forces you to start looking ahead at the words that are coming up so
you can figure out where to place your fingers in anticipation. So, if you see
that the next four letters will all be typed with fingers on your left hand,
you can move the correct finger on your right hand into place for the fifth
letter ahead. Tests on the best typists have shown that their speeds are
closely related to how far ahead they look at oncoming letters while they type.
letters while they type. When you type faster than usual, it forces you to
start looking ahead at the words that are coming up so you can figure out where
to place your fingers in anticipation. So, if you see that the next four
letters will all be typed with fingers on your left hand, you can move the
correct finger on your right hand into place for the fifth letter ahead. Tests
on the best typists have shown that their speeds are closely related to how far
ahead they look at oncoming letters while they type. letters while they type.
When you type faster than usual, it forces you to start looking ahead at the
words that are coming up so you can figure out where to place your fingers in
anticipation. So, if you see that the next four letters will all be typed with
fingers on your left hand, you can move the correct finger on your right hand
into place for the fifth letter ahead. Tests on the best typists have shown
that their speeds are closely related to how far ahead they look at oncoming
letters while they type. letters while they type. When you type faster than
usual, it forces you to start looking ahead at the words that are coming up so
you can figure out where to place your fingers in anticipation. So, if you see
that the next four letters will all be typed with fingers on your left hand,
you can move the correct finger on your right hand into place for the fifth
letter ahead. Tests on the best typists have shown that their speeds are
closely related to how far ahead they look at oncoming letters while they type.
letters while they type.

this is a tyypo
